Dawn Abriel: It is February 4 2020 and this will be a intake a renewal intake for Adrian Chavez birthday. April.
Dawn Abriel: I think it's 13 2089 1980 yeah April 13 1980 is his date of birth.
And
It will probably be about a 60 minute encounter.
Dawn Abriel: Good morning.
Dawn Abriel: Can you hear me.
Dawn Abriel: I can't hear you yet.
Dawn Abriel: See, I think, I think I'm OK.
Dawn Abriel: OK, I will check my sound to make sure that
Dawn Abriel: There we go. Good.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, hello.
Hi.
Galaxy J7 Crown: How are you
Dawn Abriel: I'm all right.
Dawn Abriel: So you've been away from bright heart health, about five months.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yes, I
Galaxy J7 Crown: Went back to Espanola to my own town and
Galaxy J7 Crown: I was on the program over there but I moved back to Farmington and there's not too many doctors around here.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And so you stayed on Suboxone the whole time.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No I relapsed once
Dawn Abriel: And when was that
Galaxy J7 Crown: That was about
Galaxy J7 Crown: Two months ago and I barely been back on Suboxone for the last three weeks.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Your mom.
Dawn Abriel: All right, and how much Suboxone are you taking
Galaxy J7 Crown: I'm taking three of the subjects.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Are they
Dawn Abriel: Why do you take the subway text.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Because I had just barely start got off the opiates and wasn't often too long. So my doctor prescribed me those
Dawn Abriel: I mean, said the text is the medicine without in the lock zone so that I don't think you were
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, other than this last script. Every time else you've been on Suboxone
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, working plus in the lock selling so um
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, I don't mind because this last script was the 12 he gave me the 12
Galaxy J7 Crown: Of the of the Suboxone
Galaxy J7 Crown: Which I always find that those just
Galaxy J7 Crown: I just have nothing in today's my last day they discharged me today from that other connect
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So you had medicine for today.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Know what this morning. I have had mine, but not, I don't have known for this afternoon or tomorrow.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: Why are you, why do you take it more than once a day.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I take two to the Monday.
Dawn Abriel: First thing in the morning, you put two strips under your tongue.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No, I take one in the morning, and one that can that three o'clock.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: That's nice. How the medicine was made.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No, no.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Medicine.
Galaxy J7 Crown: In the mornings. Right, right.
Dawn Abriel: You take both of them in the morning. Otherwise, you don't get enough medicine in your system for you to know.
Dawn Abriel: How long it's gonna last for 24 hours because the medicine was designed to last 36 hours. So most people feel they don't feel a whole maybe a little different. After 24 but they're not in full withdrawal at 24 hours.
Galaxy J7 Crown: So,
Dawn Abriel: If you're taking that much medicine.
Dawn Abriel: But you're spreading it out. You're not getting the full effect of the medicine.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay, so I was never, I never knew that I was always told to take in three times a day. The eight
Dawn Abriel: Wow. Yeah, no, that's, that's not how the medicine was designed
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: So what we don't know is really
Dawn Abriel: How much
Dawn Abriel: So you were going to the Tuesday night group right
Dawn Abriel: Yes. And you were seeing Jessica as your therapist.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Yeah. Do you want to go back to that.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Arrangement. Yes.
Dawn Abriel: I think we can do that, although
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I think, Jessica. Let me look for sure. I'm not sure that Jessica is in the Tuesday night group.
Dawn Abriel: But I can quickly find out
A little
Dawn Abriel: Okay, there's patients group assignment.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, Tuesday.
Dawn Abriel: It looks like.
Dawn Abriel: It's with
Dawn Abriel: Dr. Ken Dale and
Dawn Abriel: And Dominique, so the than the one that
Dawn Abriel: Is with Jessica. Let me look here.
Dawn Abriel: Jessica does one
Dawn Abriel: On Mondays at five that that's with me.
Dawn Abriel: And you're welcome to come be there.
Dawn Abriel: We actually need a few more people in it.
Dawn Abriel: But that way, you could be with her.
Yeah.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: That's right. She knows your history. Okay, then let's put you on
Dawn Abriel: Monday. Now I gotta tell you when you're with me as the doctor, you will taper. You will not stay on that high dose that is so dangerous.
Dawn Abriel: To be at that high dose for so long.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I know you we have discussed that the last time you were going to start that
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, but you you went to a different doctor and and and most doctors don't do what I do. I just want you to have a heads up if you're with me. You will taper.
Galaxy J7 Crown: That's good.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: But first we're going to get you stable and since you've been on 24 I'll probably put you back on that.
Dawn Abriel: For a week.
Dawn Abriel: And then, then we'll start very gently tapering you down.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, all right. And so this is bright heart health. This is
Dawn Abriel: Is this the. Have you been back and forth a few times in the program.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No. Just one second. Yeah. The second time. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: I thought so. I didn't think
This damn
Dawn Abriel: Alright.
Dawn Abriel: Are asleep and anxiety still issues for you.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yes, anxiety,
Galaxy J7 Crown: And I've been in
Galaxy J7 Crown: The past. I was getting depressed there for a while too because I lost my house and
Galaxy J7 Crown: As I'm the streets there for a while.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I'm getting back to
Galaxy J7 Crown: Where it was
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, you know, I, I have seen many hundreds now of people and people like yourself who started using at such a young age. It just takes a long time to get their brain back up to speed. So that life makes sense to you without drugs.
Galaxy J7 Crown: And then I was incarcerated for a long time too. Yeah, yeah.
Galaxy J7 Crown: So that you got
Dawn Abriel: held you back. Yeah. So I just hope you're really patient with yourself and really allow the time you know you can be with Jessica and make appointments with her every week because you're going to need it.
Dawn Abriel: To catch up.
Dawn Abriel: Have you ever been hospitalized for a mental illness.
No.
Dawn Abriel: And I'm assuming your stress level right now is pretty high.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, and is it economic and health and social and
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yes. Everything I even get like shaky. Sometimes I pick a given my voice.
Dawn Abriel: And your self esteem. Your opinion of yourself.
Galaxy J7 Crown: It's been pretty low.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: It any new medical problems. What I have listed here from before is anxiety bipolar depression hepatitis C, and you still haven't had the hep C treated
Know,
Dawn Abriel: And high blood pressure, do you are you still taking the quantity twice a day for that.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I haven't been taking it. I haven't had my doctor. Like I said, I just barely got this doctor back, but I hope so. He has started giving me stuff forum for because I had something. There's a lot to my my leg got an infection on it.
Galaxy J7 Crown: He had given me some Gabby patterns and some other stuff to help me for a while, but I didn't go back to him. I moved so
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so do you plan on staying in Farmington now.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Galaxy J7 Crown: So birth place.
Dawn Abriel: So replace. Good. So you need to find a primary care doctor, you really need someone to follow your kidney and you really need someone to help you with the hepatitis C because you may not feel it but it's doing damage all over your body.
Dawn Abriel: And eventually it will disease, your liver so badly that you'll need a either a liver transplant or you'll die from it.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I've had in a long time.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Did you go and already get your blood redrawn for us.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No, I'm gonna go do that after this
Okie doke. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So no surgeries, since we last
Dawn Abriel: Did your intake. Okay, and the family history is the same. You are still drinking. Occasionally, you're still smoking.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so let me run through the
Dawn Abriel: I have to list all of your symptoms, but are you since you took a sub already, you don't have any withdrawal right now. Right.
No.
Dawn Abriel: So don't list. Anything that's just when you have withdrawal. Okay, don't say yes to anything that's a part of when you're coming off your medicine.
Dawn Abriel: Gotcha. Got it.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so fever, night sweats chills cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain drinking a lot eating a lot
Galaxy J7 Crown: I've been gained that away.
Dawn Abriel: And what do you think that's from
Galaxy J7 Crown: I don't know cuz last week I was real swollen.
Galaxy J7 Crown: My arms and my legs are everything real swollen.
Galaxy J7 Crown: And I went to the hospital and they did some blood test and they said nothing was wrong.
Galaxy J7 Crown: And then like the last like two weeks I public in like 15 pounds. I don't know if it's because
Galaxy J7 Crown: I'm not drinking anymore either.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Or doing heroin.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Exactly be but I've never gained so much weight so fast.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. Are you paying a lot to
Yes.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Well, no. Yeah, just when I drink a lot of water. I do.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, so a weight gain, like that where it's like swelling like fluid in your legs and arms.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. Yeah, something's wrong. You need to go have your kidneys checked out, you really, really, really. So let me tell you, when a doctor says to you,
Dawn Abriel: There's nothing wrong with you that's not, they're not saying it right. What they're saying is we don't know the tests don't point us to what's wrong with you, but you can't let it just
Dawn Abriel: Fall and not follow through, you have to say to the doctor will then why am I having all of this fluid buildup.
Dawn Abriel: Because they need to take it to the next.
Dawn Abriel: Level. You can't let them. I mean, it's your body, you know, it's not normal.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, I noticed. Even my girlfriend. Notice you notice right away.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Right.
Dawn Abriel: So if the doctor says there's nothing wrong with you. That's bullshit. Don't, don't let them.
Dawn Abriel: Say that
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I
Galaxy J7 Crown: Know that I go back for the labs, I could mention that to our pages wait for another thing.
Dawn Abriel: Well, the labs that you're gonna get will help. And when you find a primary care doctor, you can say I did have some labs just drawn and that will they might want to do some specialty testing but
Dawn Abriel: This will give them a good start.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Tell them I got it done it wherever you're going to get it done. And they can just call and get a copy sent over to their office. OK.
Dawn Abriel: OK, so now red eyes double vision, blurred vision loss of vision change in vision ringing in your ears ear drainage hearing loss difficulty hearing chronic nasal congestion bloody nose so lips or mouse or tongue.
Dawn Abriel: lumps or
Dawn Abriel: Stiffness Or pain in the neck shortness of breath. COUGH.
Birth
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And how long has that been going on.
Galaxy J7 Crown: For like the last
Galaxy J7 Crown: Couple weeks like three weeks.
Dawn Abriel: And it's with the
Dawn Abriel: Weight gain
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, this is scaring me.
Dawn Abriel: I'll tell you it's scaring me.
Dawn Abriel: I really want you to go back either to the emergency department and and make them check you out better
Dawn Abriel: Or you can tell them that you have an emergency doctor briefly assessed you and she said you needed further workup, and you don't have a primary care, but this is to be sure to breath and have the weight gain. I'm worried that something's going on that's much more serious.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, because even at my stomach and all around. Mr. Nick, it's all sweets. Excellent. I know this is not the same. Yeah.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Chest Pain irregular heartbeat, not being able to breathe lying down a demon in your lower legs.
Galaxy J7 Crown: What's the demon is it
Dawn Abriel: Oh, I'm sorry.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, it's fluid.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, I do have the
Bottom.
Dawn Abriel: And that's the same. The last three weeks.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And and varicose veins. You know, they are
Galaxy J7 Crown: No, well,
Dawn Abriel: Then you must not have it.
Dawn Abriel: diarrhea, constipation, vomiting, rectal pain, abdominal pain.
Constipation
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: Adrian. Let's see. Let me ask you, I'm going to stand up and I want to show you where I want you to push on your own belly.
Dawn Abriel: In the upper
Dawn Abriel: Right side you push in the upper right side under the rib cage. Are you tender at all.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Little bit.
Dawn Abriel: Like more than just more than just poking you feel
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, I do like the tourism. Yeah, I do like a little
Galaxy J7 Crown: Discomfort not okay.
Dawn Abriel: And then go over to the left side and see if it's different.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Nothing on the left. Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, you need to have your liver.
Looked at
Dawn Abriel: Serious no joke, do it today.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Get the labs drawn say I just got some labs drawing because they'll be ready, you know, by the time you
Dawn Abriel: Can get in to see someone do you are there such things as urgent cares in Farmington
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yes. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And then have them give you have a referral to someone
Galaxy J7 Crown: To a provider.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah okay yeah cuz I don't know anybody up here. I know.
Dawn Abriel: There is a nurse practitioner and her name is Jody, and I'll just warn you. She used to work for bright heart health. So you have to decide whether you want to work for someone who has history with bright heart health.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Good, Linda.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No, no.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay, okay.
Dawn Abriel: I mean, I can't, I can't, bad mouth, a colleague, I won't bad mouth the colleague, but I think you would get
Dawn Abriel: I want you to get really good care. She's a nurse practitioner. She's not a physician and you need a physician, you need a doctor. Okay. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: All right.
Dawn Abriel: Um, painful peeing blood in your urine penal lot P, not, not enough.
Galaxy J7 Crown: You know i when i p is stops and it feels like something's blocking it
Galaxy J7 Crown: starts up again. And when I'm out. And I think I'm done after go again.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: There's a name for that.
Dawn Abriel: I think it's called hesitation.
Dawn Abriel: Anyway, the last time you had a kidney infection or a bladder infection or something because I put something about that in your history.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, I
Dawn Abriel: Think it was about Burning urination and frequency. Yeah. And did you go get that check up
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I thought, I wonder
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: Either something either something in your bladder.
Dawn Abriel: And will know from the study that you get done today from the urine.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Or you have something going on with your prostate, which would be unusual because you're so young, but
Dawn Abriel: Any, any sores on your penis any
Dawn Abriel: Probability that you have a sexually transmitted disease that would
Galaxy J7 Crown: Have only had my girlfriend. That's it.
Dawn Abriel: For the last. Okay. Okay, great. That makes that makes life simple that way.
Dawn Abriel: Changes in hair texture skin texture nail
Galaxy J7 Crown: Loss of hair dry skin again.
Galaxy J7 Crown: My nails have been like
Galaxy J7 Crown: Getting like raw in cracking.
Galaxy J7 Crown: And like when I get a cut there for a while. My Katrina healing, they were taking a long time to deal
Galaxy J7 Crown: I have cuts on my hands are lasted eight months.
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to put that
Dawn Abriel: In
Healing noted
Dawn Abriel: Muscle pain back pain tender points muscle cramps limp.
Dawn Abriel: That's chronic right
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: headaches, dizziness, lightheadedness fainting numbness, tingling weakness tremor.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I get dizziness and blackouts. I couldn't stand up in this lack of water. So I think because
Galaxy J7 Crown: I noticed when I get up vast guys get dizzy or I'll have to hold on to something. So don't fall over.
Galaxy J7 Crown: But that happened.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, that
Dawn Abriel: That's probably because you're not, you don't have enough water.
Dawn Abriel: And it also could be that your blood pressure is whoops I spelled dizzy with two X's instead of fuzzy there.
Dawn Abriel: You, your blood pressure might be up in your body can't adjust to a change in position. So you probably need to get started back on your blood pressure medicine.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, I'd have to see my
Galaxy J7 Crown: Lot.
Dawn Abriel: You do because I can't take your blood pressure. I can't tell you. I mean,
Dawn Abriel: I ended. There's only so much I can do over a video.
Dawn Abriel: change in mood depression sadness interfering with your daily function.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have thoughts of suicide.
Dawn Abriel: Or plans to kill yourself.
Dawn Abriel: No good.
Dawn Abriel: Dude, are you seeing or hearing things that other people don't.
Know,
Dawn Abriel: And do you have easy bruising when you brush your teeth. Do your gums bleed.
Dawn Abriel: No. Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: No allergies, you can still dress yourself and go to the bathroom all by yourself.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And you can you make your own decisions you've got memory that's appropriate for your age, you can focus and direct your attention and you can read
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so now let's do the vitals and you remember how to get your pulse.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: If you take your left hand and feel over to the right side of your neck.
Dawn Abriel: Just in front of the muscle and you can't push too hard, you block it off. I think you need to come forward a little bit.
Dawn Abriel: You should feel a thump, thump, thump.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Got it, yes.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'll tell you when to start counting now.
Stop.
Galaxy J7 Crown: A
Galaxy J7 Crown: Number. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Great. So, and remind me how tall you are
Five.
Dawn Abriel: And your current weight.
Dawn Abriel: So let's do the physical exam. First, I want you to come and pull your eyelid down and let me see under your eyelid.
Dawn Abriel: Great. Okay. Look, let go.
Dawn Abriel: And pull back.
Dawn Abriel: Make your eyes go all the way to the right and left and up and down. I don't see any yellowing on the whites of your eyes. Do you
Know,
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I didn't think so. But so, breathe out of either side of your nose.
Dawn Abriel: Good pulled back a little more Stick your tongue out at me and move it side the side lovely put it back in your mouth bite down no job pain, your teeth fit normally. Great. And let me see you swallow.
Dawn Abriel: All right. And let me see you put ear to shoulder both sides.
Dawn Abriel: And chin to shoulder both sides.
Dawn Abriel: Head back head forward. Great. Okay. And
Dawn Abriel: Bring the camera down just a little bit, let me see you. Take a big deep breath.
Dawn Abriel: Do it again really exaggerated so I can see
Dawn Abriel: All right. And you already pushed on your belly. For me, bring the camera down and let me see your ankles.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, push, push on the skin on the inside of the ankle. Let me see if it is against in
Galaxy J7 Crown: No, it's not doing that now. But the other day was
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, like
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so it's not doing it now. Alright.
Galaxy J7 Crown: That's fine.
Dawn Abriel: And tell me how many tattoos, you have
Galaxy J7 Crown: No 35
Right.
Dawn Abriel: And let me see you pulled on your fingers.
Dawn Abriel: Good no pain when you do that.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I have been having trouble with my fingers I grabbing on to things.
Dawn Abriel: I can is there. They're numb.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yes, yeah. Typically, my toes. I've been numb to for the last
Galaxy J7 Crown: Couple months, I would say.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, and we did you ever inject in your legs.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Oh, just couple times not maybe like just like two, three times. Hmm.
Dawn Abriel: Well, most of the time when
Dawn Abriel: People have been IV drug users they
Dawn Abriel: They ruin their veins to the point where the blood doesn't flow back. Normally, and it makes their fingertips go numb. So that's the most common reason you might have some other reason for it, but
Galaxy J7 Crown: No, I still have all my veins on a dangerous. Good.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Publicity TV.
Dawn Abriel: Well, that's good. Well then, something else is happening.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: I'm gonna put
Dawn Abriel: On
Dawn Abriel: Weight gain and shortness of breath with
Dawn Abriel: Episodic
Dawn Abriel: Edema
Dawn Abriel: extremity edema extreme edema. And so for the plan. It's going to be
Dawn Abriel: Go to urgent care.
Dawn Abriel: Today,
After
Dawn Abriel: Labs are drawn
Dawn Abriel: So I don't know if you were here when we started passing out, nor can
Galaxy J7 Crown: Do you have some Narcan okay I don't mind but
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'll give you some more.
Dawn Abriel: And remember the
Dawn Abriel: Bright heart health has occurred address for us to send the urine drug screen to
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And you remember how to do that. You don't open it, you go to virtual clinic and you say, Hey, I got this thing. What do I do
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: We're going to change this to Monday night.
Dawn Abriel: Wow, I'm really just a great speller here today.
Dawn Abriel: Never real good on a good day. So sad. All right, and
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: You told them the pharmacy, you want to use in Farmington right
Galaxy J7 Crown: I don't know if they could use that pharmacy, can they use it. It's called care.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Pharmacy.
Dawn Abriel: If they'll let me. Why don't you stay on the line. Stay on with me and we'll try to do it right now. And that way you will
Know,
Dawn Abriel: So because you haven't been taking it correctly.
Dawn Abriel: I'd like you to start by taking
Dawn Abriel: Two and a half strips of the eight mil of ground instead of every because my guess is that that's going to work for you. And if not,
Dawn Abriel: You know, I'll see you, you know, on Monday night, and we can adjust it or we can you can let me know, because I'll send you an email and you can email me on Thursday or Friday and say you know it's it's not lasting 24 hours or whatever you need to communicate.
OK.
Dawn Abriel: OK. So I'm going to say
Dawn Abriel: 2.5 milligrams
Dawn Abriel: First thing in the morning. And remember, you can't smoke or eat or drink because if you smoke smoking makes all your blood vessels cramp down
Dawn Abriel: So then the blood vessels under your tongue that are in that absorb the medicine, they can't do their job.
Dawn Abriel: So no smoking before makes it really makes a huge difference for people, they think, Oh, I'm not getting my medicine and it's because
Galaxy J7 Crown: You're smoking.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah yeah
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so two and a half is 20 milligrams. Let's see, how are you doing that.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: That will 20
Dawn Abriel: Let's give you 18 strips.
Dawn Abriel: But checking with me later in the week by email. And if we need to get on the zoom and talk about a difference. We can do that too. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Oh well. Oh.
Dawn Abriel: Oh,
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, it's going to the right. Let's see. Let's see if it goes through it's
Dawn Abriel: The care coordinators already put it in there. I thought I was going to have to do it by hand.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so if they accept electronic prescriptions.
Dawn Abriel: I would recommend as soon as we're off that you call them and ask them if
Dawn Abriel: An electronic script came through and if not, go back to the virtual clinic and have them get ahold of me.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay, right.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: You have any questions.
No.
Galaxy J7 Crown: We'll see how this works for me this summer that give back. I haven't good because i know i don't have no more for tomorrow or nothing.
Dawn Abriel: Right, right. So I also want you to get ahold of Jessica and get an appointment with her. She's very busy and she doesn't have a lot of openings. So get in early. Okay.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay. All right. All right.
Dawn Abriel: So we'll talk to you later in the week by email, and then we'll see you Monday night at six o'clock.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, okay.
Dawn Abriel: Take care.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Thank you.
Dawn Abriel: You bet.
Bye bye.
YouTube
Dawn Abriel: Okay, let's go back to know
And
I think the
Dawn Abriel: History of present illness is the same. The only thing that needs to be changed is under medical history, if you'll say, hypertension, not on any medicines at this time.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Under kidney disease.
Put
Dawn Abriel: Hesitation
Projects.
Dawn Abriel: Everything else is the same. So his assessment is
And it should say
Dawn Abriel: See
Dawn Abriel: Treated
Date.
Dawn Abriel: This guy needs to see a doctor. Okay. That should do it.
Let's see.
I see.
Okay, abdomen.
Dawn Abriel: Self Help patient appear in Nice, but
Dawn Abriel: I want to say.
Dawn Abriel: But
Dawn Abriel: This word to be
Dawn Abriel: Patient right upper quadrant.
Dawn Abriel: quadrants.
Dawn Abriel: That was the only abnormality.
Dawn Abriel: Going on and had no edema.
Dawn Abriel: Know,
Dawn Abriel: This to ankle.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, thank you.
Dawn Abriel: Got the recording.